{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 The True Story of Cows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 Cows are a terrible affliction, a creature that due to its slow mental processing capabilities, has been a burden upon humanity since the beginning of time. However, it wasn't their stupidity that brought about the fall of mankind. Rather, their abundant production of greenhouse gasses spelled the end for humanity.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\b\fs28 \cf0 The O-Zone\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The cows, with their excessive and horrible flatulance, created a hole in the o-zone that was irrepairable, and for humanity, fatal. So rapidly did humanity suffer the ill effects of global warming that in almost the blink of an eye it seemed, mankind was gone. If only human kind had listened to the likes of Al Gore, John Kerry, and Michael Moore! But alas, the followers of the prophets of doom had done too little, too late. And now were now too dead. (Too bad.)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa332

\b\fs20 \cf0 Earth Under the Rule of Cows\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 The bovine, thus freed from its historical enemy, the plague of humanity that dictated every part of the cow's life, from conception to death by slaughterhouse, became the dominant lifeform on Earth. There became cow cities, cow cars, airplanes, and trains. Even cow McDonalds came to be, though they served veggie burgers. And if a cow wanted to have chicken nuggets, well, then he'd have to go across the street to Chic fila.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298

\b\fs36 \cf0 Free Chickens\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 While the cows were busy dominating the world, dining in their newly remodeled fast food restaraunts, (because let's face it, what cow of the modern era has time to graze all day?) the chickens weren't standing idly by. Gone were the days when they were content to live in a coop, berefit of their freedom. They determined that if the cow could have their freedom, then they could too.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319

\b \cf0 The Chicken Revolution\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0 \cf0 It had been long remembered among the Chicken Elders how the cows had betrayed them. While the humans had dominated, the cows had unjustly encouraged the consumption of chicken, though with admittedly bad grammar. Bad grammar or not, though, humanity had been influenced to eat chicken for their fast food. With humanity gone, and after the lost of so many noble poultry, the Chicken Nation had finally had enough. In their secret councils, they pledged themselves to the eternal enmity of the Cow Herd, and would never, ever, make peace or give any quarter in their war of extinction, until every Chic Fila was destroyed, and Cowdom had suffered for their transgressions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa419

\b\fs18 \cf0 The Farmland Alliance\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\b0\fs24 \cf0 A great council was held among the bovines. The Chicken Nation, while made up of small inhabitants, was both numerous and very clever in their tactics, and soon was gaining the upper hand. It was time to call upon their friends and allies. Unbeknownst to the Elders of the Chicken Nation, the Council of Cows had consulted with the Great Pig during the time of Human Dominance, and had come up with the plan of "eating more chicken" in order to save both of their peoples from human slaughterhouses. While the cows did the legwork, and thus had taken the heat, it was the Great Pig who had been the mastermind behind the project. While the Great Pig who had ruled his people during that dark time had long since gone (he had unwittingly been fattened for the Holiday season. To his credit, he served as the holiday ham for the then human Governor of Wisconson and his family), and his successor had also died of his enormous size (evidently obesity doesn't just kill people), the new leader of Pig Peoples (a warthog by the name of Wally who had escaped from the San Diego Zoo,) agreed to come to the aid of the cows. And thus the Farmland Alliance was born.\
}